principal data scientist

contact
=======

[`arjang@umich.edu `](mailto:arjang@umich.edu)
[`linkedin `](https://www.linkedin.com/in/arjang-talattof-a974845a/)
[`github `](https://github.com/arjology)
[`flickr `](http://www.flickr.com/photos/talattof) `+44 7555117012 `
`+01 6467700275 `

languages
=========

trilingual english/french/persian conversational spanish & italian

technologies
============

Machine Learning (Gaussian Processes, SVM, Neural Networks, Random
Forests)

Apache Kafka, Spark, Zookeeper

Cassandra, Graph Databases, PostgreSQL, Redis

Gremlin, Java, Python (pandas, scipy, numpy, scikit-learn), R, Scala,
Tinkerpop

Unix/Linux (Centos, Debian, FreeBSD, Gentoo, RedHat), OS X, Shell
scripting (bash, sed, awk)

activities
==========

football photography

INTRODUCTION
============

Machine learning engineer in London. Python, Java & Scala developer.
Spark and graph database enthusiast. Applied mathematician by training.
Scholar of gastrointestinal motility variation. UK Tier 1 Exceptional
Talent Visa.

technical summary
=================

Computer vision machine learning pipeline. production

Deploying and optimizing large computer vision end-to-end processing
pipeline:  
Tensorflow & Pytorch, AWS Batch, SQS, PostgreSQL, and Redis

Deep learning-based global feature extraction and large-scale image
retrieval.

Graph database deployment for geospatial image data used in
pre-reconstruction pipeline of 3D geometric models.

Massively scaled graph database analytics. production

Leveraging Cassandra and Spark (Spark Streaming) for large-scale graph
networks and analyses including:  
Building tools to explore and analyze graph data in a distributed
cloud-based cluster.

Developing machine learning algorithms and automation of real-time
entity resolution (data disambiguation) at scale.

Dealing with 10<sup>7</sup> (eventually reaching 10<sup>9</sup>)
transactions daily utilizing Kafka and Spark Streaming to ingest massive
amounts of data through an ETL pipeline.

Revenue increase from $1.8M to $6.0M; internal investment by firm
($0.5M) to generalize new capability based on client deliverable.

Stochastic fluid transit model research

Developed in Java to to study the effects of physiological variations on
drug transit, dissolution, and absorption  
Pulsatile, non-deterministic approach;

Application of a non-homogeneous Poisson process;

Based on sampling from and imaging of small bowel free water content

Analysis of noisy gastrointestinal pressure signals research
Wavelet-based peak detection and kernel density estimation; Machine
learning, Gaussian process regression & PCA for signal classification;
Completed in Python with SciPy/NumPy/SciKit packages Java interface for
handling parameters and their values with syntax highlighting production
Managing dynamic parameters that control processing pipeline; Parameters
and database fields (JDBC Data\_Port for MySQL); Pipeline source queue
management and error handling

professional experience
=======================

aug 17 - pres Scape Technologies principal data sciencist *Building core
date flow and analysis pipeline for location-based recognition, allowing
devices to see and remember their surroundings & augment the world
around them. Cloud side infrastructure allows ordinary mobile devices to
enhance the world around them by overlaying digital items onto the
physical world, both indoors and outdoors, using machine vision &
artificial intelligence.* aug 16 - jul 17 Deloitte Consulting LLP senior
data science consultant *Mission Analytics in Business Model &
Transformation/Strategy & Operations. Supporting senior government
executives in the development of the organizationâ€™s strategy and
business process; assisting in development, collection, analysis, and
reporting of data by leverage big data and machine learning
technologies; serving as domain knowledgeable resource in advising the
Deloitte team and client on tools and techniques to improve workflow.*
jul 15 - aug 16 U.S. Food and Drug Administration research fellow
*Division of Quantitative Methods and Modeling in the Office of Research
and Standards within the Office of Generic Drugs. Applying mathematical
analysis to physiological/molecular based models for drug absorption,
bioavailability, distribution and effectiveness. Using large data sets
to improve the prediction and regulatory decision making for generic
drugs.* mar 06 - aug 07 Department of Lunar & Planetary Sciences  
University of Arizona java developer *Developing open-source software
for data analysis for the HiRISE instrument on the Mars Reconnaissance
Orbiter. Co-funded by NASA and JPL.*

education
=========

2015 Ph.D. Pharmaceutical Sciences University of Michigan Dissertation:
*Mechanistic Analysis and Quantification of Gastrointestinal Motility:
Physiological Variability and Plasma Level Implications.* 2011 M.Sc.
Pharmaceutical Sciences University of Michigan 2009 M.Sc. Computational
Biology New York University 2006 B.Sc. Mathematics University of Arizona

publications
============
---
bibliography: 'bibliography.bib'
---

principal data scientist

# contact

[`arjang@umich.edu `](mailto:arjang@umich.edu)
[`linkedin `](https://www.linkedin.com/in/arjang-talattof-a974845a/)
[`github `](https://github.com/arjology)
[`flickr `](http://www.flickr.com/photos/talattof) `+44 7555117012 `
`+01 6467700275 `

# languages

trilingual english/french/persian conversational spanish & italian

# technologies

Machine Learning (Gaussian Processes, SVM, Neural Networks, Random
Forests)

Apache Kafka, Spark, Zookeeper

Cassandra, Graph Databases, PostgreSQL, Redis

Gremlin, Java, Python (pandas, scipy, numpy, scikit-learn), R, Scala,
Tinkerpop

Unix/Linux (Centos, Debian, FreeBSD, Gentoo, RedHat), OS X, Shell
scripting (bash, sed, awk)

# activities

football photography

# INTRODUCTION

Machine learning engineer in London. Python, Java & Scala developer.
Spark and graph database enthusiast. Applied mathematician by training.
Scholar of gastrointestinal motility variation. UK Tier 1 Exceptional
Talent Visa.

# technical summary

Computer vision machine learning pipeline. production

Deploying and optimizing large computer vision end-to-end processing
pipeline:\
Tensorflow & Pytorch, AWS Batch, SQS, PostgreSQL, and Redis

Deep learning-based global feature extraction and large-scale image
retrieval.

Graph database deployment for geospatial image data used in
pre-reconstruction pipeline of 3D geometric models.

Massively scaled graph database analytics. production

Leveraging Cassandra and Spark (Spark Streaming) for large-scale graph
networks and analyses including:\
Building tools to explore and analyze graph data in a distributed
cloud-based cluster.

Developing machine learning algorithms and automation of real-time
entity resolution (data disambiguation) at scale.

Dealing with 10^7^ (eventually reaching 10^9^) transactions daily
utilizing Kafka and Spark Streaming to ingest massive amounts of data
through an ETL pipeline.

Revenue increase from \$1.8M to \$6.0M; internal investment by firm
(\$0.5M) to generalize new capability based on client deliverable.

Stochastic fluid transit model research

Developed in Java to to study the effects of physiological variations on
drug transit, dissolution, and absorption\
Pulsatile, non-deterministic approach;

Application of a non-homogeneous Poisson process;

Based on sampling from and imaging of small bowel free water content

Analysis of noisy gastrointestinal pressure signals research
Wavelet-based peak detection and kernel density estimation; Machine
learning, Gaussian process regression & PCA for signal classification;
Completed in Python with SciPy/NumPy/SciKit packages Java interface for
handling parameters and their values with syntax highlighting production
Managing dynamic parameters that control processing pipeline; Parameters
and database fields (JDBC Data\_Port for MySQL); Pipeline source queue
management and error handling

# professional experience

aug 17 - pres Scape Technologies principal data sciencist *Building core
date flow and analysis pipeline for location-based recognition, allowing
devices to see and remember their surroundings & augment the world
around them. Cloud side infrastructure allows ordinary mobile devices to
enhance the world around them by overlaying digital items onto the
physical world, both indoors and outdoors, using machine vision &
artificial intelligence.* aug 16 - jul 17 Deloitte Consulting LLP senior
data science consultant *Mission Analytics in Business Model &
Transformation/Strategy & Operations. Supporting senior government
executives in the development of the organization&rsquo;s strategy and
business process; assisting in development, collection, analysis, and
reporting of data by leverage big data and machine learning
technologies; serving as domain knowledgeable resource in advising the
Deloitte team and client on tools and techniques to improve workflow.*
jul 15 - aug 16 U.S. Food and Drug Administration research fellow
*Division of Quantitative Methods and Modeling in the Office of Research
and Standards within the Office of Generic Drugs. Applying mathematical
analysis to physiological/molecular based models for drug absorption,
bioavailability, distribution and effectiveness. Using large data sets
to improve the prediction and regulatory decision making for generic
drugs.* mar 06 - aug 07 Department of Lunar & Planetary Sciences\
University of Arizona java developer *Developing open-source software
for data analysis for the HiRISE instrument on the Mars Reconnaissance
Orbiter. Co-funded by NASA and JPL.*

# education

2015 Ph.D. Pharmaceutical Sciences University of Michigan Dissertation:
*Mechanistic Analysis and Quantification of Gastrointestinal Motility:
Physiological Variability and Plasma Level Implications.* 2011 M.Sc.
Pharmaceutical Sciences University of Michigan 2009 M.Sc. Computational
Biology New York University 2006 B.Sc. Mathematics University of Arizona

# publications
---
bibliography: 'bibliography.bib'
---

principal data scientist

# contact

[`arjang@umich.edu `](mailto:arjang@umich.edu)
[`linkedin `](https://www.linkedin.com/in/arjang-talattof-a974845a/)
[`github `](https://github.com/arjology)
[`flickr `](http://www.flickr.com/photos/talattof) `+44 7555117012 `
`+01 6467700275 `

# languages

trilingual english/french/persian conversational spanish & italian

# technologies

Machine Learning (Gaussian Processes, SVM, Neural Networks, Random
Forests)

Apache Kafka, Spark, Zookeeper

Cassandra, Graph Databases, PostgreSQL, Redis

Gremlin, Java, Python (pandas, scipy, numpy, scikit-learn), R, Scala,
Tinkerpop

Unix/Linux (Centos, Debian, FreeBSD, Gentoo, RedHat), OS X, Shell
scripting (bash, sed, awk)

# activities

football photography

# INTRODUCTION

Machine learning engineer in London. Python, Java & Scala developer.
Spark and graph database enthusiast. Applied mathematician by training.
Scholar of gastrointestinal motility variation. UK Tier 1 Exceptional
Talent Visa.

# technical summary

Computer vision machine learning pipeline. production

Deploying and optimizing large computer vision end-to-end processing
pipeline:\
Tensorflow & Pytorch, AWS Batch, SQS, PostgreSQL, and Redis

Deep learning-based global feature extraction and large-scale image
retrieval.

Graph database deployment for geospatial image data used in
pre-reconstruction pipeline of 3D geometric models.

Massively scaled graph database analytics. production

Leveraging Cassandra and Spark (Spark Streaming) for large-scale graph
networks and analyses including:\
Building tools to explore and analyze graph data in a distributed
cloud-based cluster.

Developing machine learning algorithms and automation of real-time
entity resolution (data disambiguation) at scale.

Dealing with 10^7^ (eventually reaching 10^9^) transactions daily
utilizing Kafka and Spark Streaming to ingest massive amounts of data
through an ETL pipeline.

Revenue increase from \$1.8M to \$6.0M; internal investment by firm
(\$0.5M) to generalize new capability based on client deliverable.

Stochastic fluid transit model research

Developed in Java to to study the effects of physiological variations on
drug transit, dissolution, and absorption\
Pulsatile, non-deterministic approach;

Application of a non-homogeneous Poisson process;

Based on sampling from and imaging of small bowel free water content

Analysis of noisy gastrointestinal pressure signals research
Wavelet-based peak detection and kernel density estimation; Machine
learning, Gaussian process regression & PCA for signal classification;
Completed in Python with SciPy/NumPy/SciKit packages Java interface for
handling parameters and their values with syntax highlighting production
Managing dynamic parameters that control processing pipeline; Parameters
and database fields (JDBC Data\_Port for MySQL); Pipeline source queue
management and error handling

# professional experience

aug 17 - pres Scape Technologies principal data sciencist *Building core
date flow and analysis pipeline for location-based recognition, allowing
devices to see and remember their surroundings & augment the world
around them. Cloud side infrastructure allows ordinary mobile devices to
enhance the world around them by overlaying digital items onto the
physical world, both indoors and outdoors, using machine vision &
artificial intelligence.* aug 16 - jul 17 Deloitte Consulting LLP senior
data science consultant *Mission Analytics in Business Model &
Transformation/Strategy & Operations. Supporting senior government
executives in the development of the organization&rsquo;s strategy and
business process; assisting in development, collection, analysis, and
reporting of data by leverage big data and machine learning
technologies; serving as domain knowledgeable resource in advising the
Deloitte team and client on tools and techniques to improve workflow.*
jul 15 - aug 16 U.S. Food and Drug Administration research fellow
*Division of Quantitative Methods and Modeling in the Office of Research
and Standards within the Office of Generic Drugs. Applying mathematical
analysis to physiological/molecular based models for drug absorption,
bioavailability, distribution and effectiveness. Using large data sets
to improve the prediction and regulatory decision making for generic
drugs.* mar 06 - aug 07 Department of Lunar & Planetary Sciences\
University of Arizona java developer *Developing open-source software
for data analysis for the HiRISE instrument on the Mars Reconnaissance
Orbiter. Co-funded by NASA and JPL.*

# education

2015 Ph.D. Pharmaceutical Sciences University of Michigan Dissertation:
*Mechanistic Analysis and Quantification of Gastrointestinal Motility:
Physiological Variability and Plasma Level Implications.* 2011 M.Sc.
Pharmaceutical Sciences University of Michigan 2009 M.Sc. Computational
Biology New York University 2006 B.Sc. Mathematics University of Arizona

# publications
---
bibliography: 'bibliography.bib'
---

principal data scientist

# contact

[`arjang@umich.edu `](mailto:arjang@umich.edu)
[`linkedin `](https://www.linkedin.com/in/arjang-talattof-a974845a/)
[`github `](https://github.com/arjology)
[`flickr `](http://www.flickr.com/photos/talattof) `+44 7555117012 `
`+01 6467700275 `

# languages

trilingual english/french/persian conversational spanish & italian

# technologies

Machine Learning (Gaussian Processes, SVM, Neural Networks, Random
Forests)

Apache Kafka, Spark, Zookeeper

Cassandra, Graph Databases, PostgreSQL, Redis

Gremlin, Java, Python (pandas, scipy, numpy, scikit-learn), R, Scala,
Tinkerpop

Unix/Linux (Centos, Debian, FreeBSD, Gentoo, RedHat), OS X, Shell
scripting (bash, sed, awk)

# activities

football photography

# INTRODUCTION

Machine learning engineer in London. Python, Java & Scala developer.
Spark and graph database enthusiast. Applied mathematician by training.
Scholar of gastrointestinal motility variation. UK Tier 1 Exceptional
Talent Visa.

# technical summary

Computer vision machine learning pipeline. production

Deploying and optimizing large computer vision end-to-end processing
pipeline:\
Tensorflow & Pytorch, AWS Batch, SQS, PostgreSQL, and Redis

Deep learning-based global feature extraction and large-scale image
retrieval.

Graph database deployment for geospatial image data used in
pre-reconstruction pipeline of 3D geometric models.

Massively scaled graph database analytics. production

Leveraging Cassandra and Spark (Spark Streaming) for large-scale graph
networks and analyses including:\
Building tools to explore and analyze graph data in a distributed
cloud-based cluster.

Developing machine learning algorithms and automation of real-time
entity resolution (data disambiguation) at scale.

Dealing with 10^7^ (eventually reaching 10^9^) transactions daily
utilizing Kafka and Spark Streaming to ingest massive amounts of data
through an ETL pipeline.

Revenue increase from \$1.8M to \$6.0M; internal investment by firm
(\$0.5M) to generalize new capability based on client deliverable.

Stochastic fluid transit model research

Developed in Java to to study the effects of physiological variations on
drug transit, dissolution, and absorption\
Pulsatile, non-deterministic approach;

Application of a non-homogeneous Poisson process;

Based on sampling from and imaging of small bowel free water content

Analysis of noisy gastrointestinal pressure signals research
Wavelet-based peak detection and kernel density estimation; Machine
learning, Gaussian process regression & PCA for signal classification;
Completed in Python with SciPy/NumPy/SciKit packages Java interface for
handling parameters and their values with syntax highlighting production
Managing dynamic parameters that control processing pipeline; Parameters
and database fields (JDBC Data\_Port for MySQL); Pipeline source queue
management and error handling

# professional experience

aug 17 - pres Scape Technologies principal data sciencist *Building core
date flow and analysis pipeline for location-based recognition, allowing
devices to see and remember their surroundings & augment the world
around them. Cloud side infrastructure allows ordinary mobile devices to
enhance the world around them by overlaying digital items onto the
physical world, both indoors and outdoors, using machine vision &
artificial intelligence.* aug 16 - jul 17 Deloitte Consulting LLP senior
data science consultant *Mission Analytics in Business Model &
Transformation/Strategy & Operations. Supporting senior government
executives in the development of the organization&rsquo;s strategy and
business process; assisting in development, collection, analysis, and
reporting of data by leverage big data and machine learning
technologies; serving as domain knowledgeable resource in advising the
Deloitte team and client on tools and techniques to improve workflow.*
jul 15 - aug 16 U.S. Food and Drug Administration research fellow
*Division of Quantitative Methods and Modeling in the Office of Research
and Standards within the Office of Generic Drugs. Applying mathematical
analysis to physiological/molecular based models for drug absorption,
bioavailability, distribution and effectiveness. Using large data sets
to improve the prediction and regulatory decision making for generic
drugs.* mar 06 - aug 07 Department of Lunar & Planetary Sciences\
University of Arizona java developer *Developing open-source software
for data analysis for the HiRISE instrument on the Mars Reconnaissance
Orbiter. Co-funded by NASA and JPL.*

# education

2015 Ph.D. Pharmaceutical Sciences University of Michigan Dissertation:
*Mechanistic Analysis and Quantification of Gastrointestinal Motility:
Physiological Variability and Plasma Level Implications.* 2011 M.Sc.
Pharmaceutical Sciences University of Michigan 2009 M.Sc. Computational
Biology New York University 2006 B.Sc. Mathematics University of Arizona

# publications
---
bibliography: 'bibliography.bib'
---

principal data scientist

# contact

[`arjang@umich.edu `](mailto:arjang@umich.edu)
[`linkedin `](https://www.linkedin.com/in/arjang-talattof-a974845a/)
[`github `](https://github.com/arjology)
[`flickr `](http://www.flickr.com/photos/talattof) `+44 7555117012 `
`+01 6467700275 `

# languages

trilingual english/french/persian conversational spanish & italian

# technologies

Machine Learning (Gaussian Processes, SVM, Neural Networks, Random
Forests)

Apache Kafka, Spark, Zookeeper

Cassandra, Graph Databases, PostgreSQL, Redis

Gremlin, Java, Python (pandas, scipy, numpy, scikit-learn), R, Scala,
Tinkerpop

Unix/Linux (Centos, Debian, FreeBSD, Gentoo, RedHat), OS X, Shell
scripting (bash, sed, awk)

# activities

football photography

# INTRODUCTION

Machine learning engineer in London. Python, Java & Scala developer.
Spark and graph database enthusiast. Applied mathematician by training.
Scholar of gastrointestinal motility variation. UK Tier 1 Exceptional
Talent Visa.

# technical summary

Computer vision machine learning pipeline. production

Deploying and optimizing large computer vision end-to-end processing
pipeline:\
Tensorflow & Pytorch, AWS Batch, SQS, PostgreSQL, and Redis

Deep learning-based global feature extraction and large-scale image
retrieval.

Graph database deployment for geospatial image data used in
pre-reconstruction pipeline of 3D geometric models.

Massively scaled graph database analytics. production

Leveraging Cassandra and Spark (Spark Streaming) for large-scale graph
networks and analyses including:\
Building tools to explore and analyze graph data in a distributed
cloud-based cluster.

Developing machine learning algorithms and automation of real-time
entity resolution (data disambiguation) at scale.

Dealing with 10^7^ (eventually reaching 10^9^) transactions daily
utilizing Kafka and Spark Streaming to ingest massive amounts of data
through an ETL pipeline.

Revenue increase from \$1.8M to \$6.0M; internal investment by firm
(\$0.5M) to generalize new capability based on client deliverable.

Stochastic fluid transit model research

Developed in Java to to study the effects of physiological variations on
drug transit, dissolution, and absorption\
Pulsatile, non-deterministic approach;

Application of a non-homogeneous Poisson process;

Based on sampling from and imaging of small bowel free water content

Analysis of noisy gastrointestinal pressure signals research
Wavelet-based peak detection and kernel density estimation; Machine
learning, Gaussian process regression & PCA for signal classification;
Completed in Python with SciPy/NumPy/SciKit packages Java interface for
handling parameters and their values with syntax highlighting production
Managing dynamic parameters that control processing pipeline; Parameters
and database fields (JDBC Data\_Port for MySQL); Pipeline source queue
management and error handling

# professional experience

aug 17 - pres Scape Technologies principal data sciencist *Building core
date flow and analysis pipeline for location-based recognition, allowing
devices to see and remember their surroundings & augment the world
around them. Cloud side infrastructure allows ordinary mobile devices to
enhance the world around them by overlaying digital items onto the
physical world, both indoors and outdoors, using machine vision &
artificial intelligence.* aug 16 - jul 17 Deloitte Consulting LLP senior
data science consultant *Mission Analytics in Business Model &
Transformation/Strategy & Operations. Supporting senior government
executives in the development of the organization&rsquo;s strategy and
business process; assisting in development, collection, analysis, and
reporting of data by leverage big data and machine learning
technologies; serving as domain knowledgeable resource in advising the
Deloitte team and client on tools and techniques to improve workflow.*
jul 15 - aug 16 U.S. Food and Drug Administration research fellow
*Division of Quantitative Methods and Modeling in the Office of Research
and Standards within the Office of Generic Drugs. Applying mathematical
analysis to physiological/molecular based models for drug absorption,
bioavailability, distribution and effectiveness. Using large data sets
to improve the prediction and regulatory decision making for generic
drugs.* mar 06 - aug 07 Department of Lunar & Planetary Sciences\
University of Arizona java developer *Developing open-source software
for data analysis for the HiRISE instrument on the Mars Reconnaissance
Orbiter. Co-funded by NASA and JPL.*

# education

2015 Ph.D. Pharmaceutical Sciences University of Michigan Dissertation:
*Mechanistic Analysis and Quantification of Gastrointestinal Motility:
Physiological Variability and Plasma Level Implications.* 2011 M.Sc.
Pharmaceutical Sciences University of Michigan 2009 M.Sc. Computational
Biology New York University 2006 B.Sc. Mathematics University of Arizona

# publications
---
bibliography: 'bibliography.bib'
---

principal data scientist

# contact

[`arjang@umich.edu `](mailto:arjang@umich.edu)
[`linkedin `](https://www.linkedin.com/in/arjang-talattof-a974845a/)
[`github `](https://github.com/arjology)
[`flickr `](http://www.flickr.com/photos/talattof) `+44 7555117012 `
`+01 6467700275 `

# languages

trilingual english/french/persian conversational spanish & italian

# technologies

Machine Learning (Gaussian Processes, SVM, Neural Networks, Random
Forests)

Apache Kafka, Spark, Zookeeper

Cassandra, Graph Databases, PostgreSQL, Redis

Gremlin, Java, Python (pandas, scipy, numpy, scikit-learn), R, Scala,
Tinkerpop

Unix/Linux (Centos, Debian, FreeBSD, Gentoo, RedHat), OS X, Shell
scripting (bash, sed, awk)

# activities

football photography

# INTRODUCTION

Machine learning engineer in London. Python, Java & Scala developer.
Spark and graph database enthusiast. Applied mathematician by training.
Scholar of gastrointestinal motility variation. UK Tier 1 Exceptional
Talent Visa.

# technical summary

Computer vision machine learning pipeline. production

Deploying and optimizing large computer vision end-to-end processing
pipeline:\
Tensorflow & Pytorch, AWS Batch, SQS, PostgreSQL, and Redis

Deep learning-based global feature extraction and large-scale image
retrieval.

Graph database deployment for geospatial image data used in
pre-reconstruction pipeline of 3D geometric models.

Massively scaled graph database analytics. production

Leveraging Cassandra and Spark (Spark Streaming) for large-scale graph
networks and analyses including:\
Building tools to explore and analyze graph data in a distributed
cloud-based cluster.

Developing machine learning algorithms and automation of real-time
entity resolution (data disambiguation) at scale.

Dealing with 10^7^ (eventually reaching 10^9^) transactions daily
utilizing Kafka and Spark Streaming to ingest massive amounts of data
through an ETL pipeline.

Revenue increase from \$1.8M to \$6.0M; internal investment by firm
(\$0.5M) to generalize new capability based on client deliverable.

Stochastic fluid transit model research

Developed in Java to to study the effects of physiological variations on
drug transit, dissolution, and absorption\
Pulsatile, non-deterministic approach;

Application of a non-homogeneous Poisson process;

Based on sampling from and imaging of small bowel free water content

Analysis of noisy gastrointestinal pressure signals research
Wavelet-based peak detection and kernel density estimation; Machine
learning, Gaussian process regression & PCA for signal classification;
Completed in Python with SciPy/NumPy/SciKit packages Java interface for
handling parameters and their values with syntax highlighting production
Managing dynamic parameters that control processing pipeline; Parameters
and database fields (JDBC Data\_Port for MySQL); Pipeline source queue
management and error handling

# professional experience

aug 17 - pres Scape Technologies principal data sciencist *Building core
date flow and analysis pipeline for location-based recognition, allowing
devices to see and remember their surroundings & augment the world
around them. Cloud side infrastructure allows ordinary mobile devices to
enhance the world around them by overlaying digital items onto the
physical world, both indoors and outdoors, using machine vision &
artificial intelligence.* aug 16 - jul 17 Deloitte Consulting LLP senior
data science consultant *Mission Analytics in Business Model &
Transformation/Strategy & Operations. Supporting senior government
executives in the development of the organization&rsquo;s strategy and
business process; assisting in development, collection, analysis, and
reporting of data by leverage big data and machine learning
technologies; serving as domain knowledgeable resource in advising the
Deloitte team and client on tools and techniques to improve workflow.*
jul 15 - aug 16 U.S. Food and Drug Administration research fellow
*Division of Quantitative Methods and Modeling in the Office of Research
and Standards within the Office of Generic Drugs. Applying mathematical
analysis to physiological/molecular based models for drug absorption,
bioavailability, distribution and effectiveness. Using large data sets
to improve the prediction and regulatory decision making for generic
drugs.* mar 06 - aug 07 Department of Lunar & Planetary Sciences\
University of Arizona java developer *Developing open-source software
for data analysis for the HiRISE instrument on the Mars Reconnaissance
Orbiter. Co-funded by NASA and JPL.*

# education

2015 Ph.D. Pharmaceutical Sciences University of Michigan Dissertation:
*Mechanistic Analysis and Quantification of Gastrointestinal Motility:
Physiological Variability and Plasma Level Implications.* 2011 M.Sc.
Pharmaceutical Sciences University of Michigan 2009 M.Sc. Computational
Biology New York University 2006 B.Sc. Mathematics University of Arizona

# publications
---
bibliography: 'bibliography.bib'
csl: 'chicago-author-date.csl'
---

principal data scientist

# contact

[`arjang@umich.edu `](mailto:arjang@umich.edu)
[`linkedin `](https://www.linkedin.com/in/arjang-talattof-a974845a/)
[`github `](https://github.com/arjology)
[`flickr `](http://www.flickr.com/photos/talattof) `+44 7555117012 `
`+01 6467700275 `

# languages

trilingual english/french/persian conversational spanish & italian

# technologies

Machine Learning (Gaussian Processes, SVM, Neural Networks, Random
Forests)

Apache Kafka, Spark, Zookeeper

Cassandra, Graph Databases, PostgreSQL, Redis

Gremlin, Java, Python (pandas, scipy, numpy, scikit-learn), R, Scala,
Tinkerpop

Unix/Linux (Centos, Debian, FreeBSD, Gentoo, RedHat), OS X, Shell
scripting (bash, sed, awk)

# activities

football photography

# INTRODUCTION

Machine learning engineer in London. Python, Java & Scala developer.
Spark and graph database enthusiast. Applied mathematician by training.
Scholar of gastrointestinal motility variation. UK Tier 1 Exceptional
Talent Visa.

# technical summary

Computer vision machine learning pipeline. production

Deploying and optimizing large computer vision end-to-end processing
pipeline:\
Tensorflow & Pytorch, AWS Batch, SQS, PostgreSQL, and Redis

Deep learning-based global feature extraction and large-scale image
retrieval.

Graph database deployment for geospatial image data used in
pre-reconstruction pipeline of 3D geometric models.

Massively scaled graph database analytics. production

Leveraging Cassandra and Spark (Spark Streaming) for large-scale graph
networks and analyses including:\
Building tools to explore and analyze graph data in a distributed
cloud-based cluster.

Developing machine learning algorithms and automation of real-time
entity resolution (data disambiguation) at scale.

Dealing with 10^7^ (eventually reaching 10^9^) transactions daily
utilizing Kafka and Spark Streaming to ingest massive amounts of data
through an ETL pipeline.

Revenue increase from \$1.8M to \$6.0M; internal investment by firm
(\$0.5M) to generalize new capability based on client deliverable.

Stochastic fluid transit model research

Developed in Java to to study the effects of physiological variations on
drug transit, dissolution, and absorption\
Pulsatile, non-deterministic approach;

Application of a non-homogeneous Poisson process;

Based on sampling from and imaging of small bowel free water content

Analysis of noisy gastrointestinal pressure signals research
Wavelet-based peak detection and kernel density estimation; Machine
learning, Gaussian process regression & PCA for signal classification;
Completed in Python with SciPy/NumPy/SciKit packages Java interface for
handling parameters and their values with syntax highlighting production
Managing dynamic parameters that control processing pipeline; Parameters
and database fields (JDBC Data\_Port for MySQL); Pipeline source queue
management and error handling

# professional experience

aug 17 - pres Scape Technologies principal data sciencist *Building core
date flow and analysis pipeline for location-based recognition, allowing
devices to see and remember their surroundings & augment the world
around them. Cloud side infrastructure allows ordinary mobile devices to
enhance the world around them by overlaying digital items onto the
physical world, both indoors and outdoors, using machine vision &
artificial intelligence.* aug 16 - jul 17 Deloitte Consulting LLP senior
data science consultant *Mission Analytics in Business Model &
Transformation/Strategy & Operations. Supporting senior government
executives in the development of the organization&rsquo;s strategy and
business process; assisting in development, collection, analysis, and
reporting of data by leverage big data and machine learning
technologies; serving as domain knowledgeable resource in advising the
Deloitte team and client on tools and techniques to improve workflow.*
jul 15 - aug 16 U.S. Food and Drug Administration research fellow
*Division of Quantitative Methods and Modeling in the Office of Research
and Standards within the Office of Generic Drugs. Applying mathematical
analysis to physiological/molecular based models for drug absorption,
bioavailability, distribution and effectiveness. Using large data sets
to improve the prediction and regulatory decision making for generic
drugs.* mar 06 - aug 07 Department of Lunar & Planetary Sciences\
University of Arizona java developer *Developing open-source software
for data analysis for the HiRISE instrument on the Mars Reconnaissance
Orbiter. Co-funded by NASA and JPL.*

# education

2015 Ph.D. Pharmaceutical Sciences University of Michigan Dissertation:
*Mechanistic Analysis and Quantification of Gastrointestinal Motility:
Physiological Variability and Plasma Level Implications.* 2011 M.Sc.
Pharmaceutical Sciences University of Michigan 2009 M.Sc. Computational
Biology New York University 2006 B.Sc. Mathematics University of Arizona

# publications
principal data scientist

contact
=======

[`arjang@umich.edu `](mailto:arjang@umich.edu)
[`linkedin `](https://www.linkedin.com/in/arjang-talattof-a974845a/)
[`github `](https://github.com/arjology)
[`flickr `](http://www.flickr.com/photos/talattof) `+44 7555117012 `
`+01 6467700275 `

languages
=========

trilingual english/french/persian conversational spanish & italian

technologies
============

Machine Learning (Gaussian Processes, SVM, Neural Networks, Random
Forests)

Apache Kafka, Spark, Zookeeper

Cassandra, Graph Databases, PostgreSQL, Redis

Gremlin, Java, Python (pandas, scipy, numpy, scikit-learn), R, Scala,
Tinkerpop

Unix/Linux (Centos, Debian, FreeBSD, Gentoo, RedHat), OS X, Shell
scripting (bash, sed, awk)

activities
==========

football photography

INTRODUCTION
============

Machine learning engineer in London. Python, Java & Scala developer.
Spark and graph database enthusiast. Applied mathematician by training.
Scholar of gastrointestinal motility variation. UK Tier 1 Exceptional
Talent Visa.

technical summary
=================

Computer vision machine learning pipeline. production

Deploying and optimizing large computer vision end-to-end processing
pipeline:\
Tensorflow & Pytorch, AWS Batch, SQS, PostgreSQL, and Redis

Deep learning-based global feature extraction and large-scale image
retrieval.

Graph database deployment for geospatial image data used in
pre-reconstruction pipeline of 3D geometric models.

Massively scaled graph database analytics. production

Leveraging Cassandra and Spark (Spark Streaming) for large-scale graph
networks and analyses including:\
Building tools to explore and analyze graph data in a distributed
cloud-based cluster.

Developing machine learning algorithms and automation of real-time
entity resolution (data disambiguation) at scale.

Dealing with 10^7^ (eventually reaching 10^9^) transactions daily
utilizing Kafka and Spark Streaming to ingest massive amounts of data
through an ETL pipeline.

Revenue increase from \$1.8M to \$6.0M; internal investment by firm
(\$0.5M) to generalize new capability based on client deliverable.

Stochastic fluid transit model research

Developed in Java to to study the effects of physiological variations on
drug transit, dissolution, and absorption\
Pulsatile, non-deterministic approach;

Application of a non-homogeneous Poisson process;

Based on sampling from and imaging of small bowel free water content

Analysis of noisy gastrointestinal pressure signals research
Wavelet-based peak detection and kernel density estimation; Machine
learning, Gaussian process regression & PCA for signal classification;
Completed in Python with SciPy/NumPy/SciKit packages Java interface for
handling parameters and their values with syntax highlighting production
Managing dynamic parameters that control processing pipeline; Parameters
and database fields (JDBC Data\_Port for MySQL); Pipeline source queue
management and error handling

professional experience
=======================

aug 17 - pres Scape Technologies principal data sciencist *Building core
date flow and analysis pipeline for location-based recognition, allowing
devices to see and remember their surroundings & augment the world
around them. Cloud side infrastructure allows ordinary mobile devices to
enhance the world around them by overlaying digital items onto the
physical world, both indoors and outdoors, using machine vision &
artificial intelligence.* aug 16 - jul 17 Deloitte Consulting LLP senior
data science consultant *Mission Analytics in Business Model &
Transformation/Strategy & Operations. Supporting senior government
executives in the development of the organization's strategy and
business process; assisting in development, collection, analysis, and
reporting of data by leverage big data and machine learning
technologies; serving as domain knowledgeable resource in advising the
Deloitte team and client on tools and techniques to improve workflow.*
jul 15 - aug 16 U.S. Food and Drug Administration research fellow
*Division of Quantitative Methods and Modeling in the Office of Research
and Standards within the Office of Generic Drugs. Applying mathematical
analysis to physiological/molecular based models for drug absorption,
bioavailability, distribution and effectiveness. Using large data sets
to improve the prediction and regulatory decision making for generic
drugs.* mar 06 - aug 07 Department of Lunar & Planetary Sciences\
University of Arizona java developer *Developing open-source software
for data analysis for the HiRISE instrument on the Mars Reconnaissance
Orbiter. Co-funded by NASA and JPL.*

education
=========

2015 Ph.D. Pharmaceutical Sciences University of Michigan Dissertation:
*Mechanistic Analysis and Quantification of Gastrointestinal Motility:
Physiological Variability and Plasma Level Implications.* 2011 M.Sc.
Pharmaceutical Sciences University of Michigan 2009 M.Sc. Computational
Biology New York University 2006 B.Sc. Mathematics University of Arizona

publications
============
principal data scientist

contact
=======

[`arjang@umich.edu `](mailto:arjang@umich.edu)
[`linkedin `](https://www.linkedin.com/in/arjang-talattof-a974845a/)
[`github `](https://github.com/arjology)
[`flickr `](http://www.flickr.com/photos/talattof) `+44 7555117012 `
`+01 6467700275 `

languages
=========

trilingual english/french/persian conversational spanish & italian

technologies
============

Machine Learning (Gaussian Processes, SVM, Neural Networks, Random
Forests)

Apache Kafka, Spark, Zookeeper

Cassandra, Graph Databases, PostgreSQL, Redis

Gremlin, Java, Python (pandas, scipy, numpy, scikit-learn), R, Scala,
Tinkerpop

Unix/Linux (Centos, Debian, FreeBSD, Gentoo, RedHat), OS X, Shell
scripting (bash, sed, awk)

activities
==========

football photography

INTRODUCTION
============

Machine learning engineer in London. Python, Java & Scala developer.
Spark and graph database enthusiast. Applied mathematician by training.
Scholar of gastrointestinal motility variation. UK Tier 1 Exceptional
Talent Visa.

technical summary
=================

Computer vision machine learning pipeline. production

Deploying and optimizing large computer vision end-to-end processing
pipeline:\
Tensorflow & Pytorch, AWS Batch, SQS, PostgreSQL, and Redis

Deep learning-based global feature extraction and large-scale image
retrieval.

Graph database deployment for geospatial image data used in
pre-reconstruction pipeline of 3D geometric models.

Massively scaled graph database analytics. production

Leveraging Cassandra and Spark (Spark Streaming) for large-scale graph
networks and analyses including:\
Building tools to explore and analyze graph data in a distributed
cloud-based cluster.

Developing machine learning algorithms and automation of real-time
entity resolution (data disambiguation) at scale.

Dealing with 10^7^ (eventually reaching 10^9^) transactions daily
utilizing Kafka and Spark Streaming to ingest massive amounts of data
through an ETL pipeline.

Revenue increase from \$1.8M to \$6.0M; internal investment by firm
(\$0.5M) to generalize new capability based on client deliverable.

Stochastic fluid transit model research

Developed in Java to to study the effects of physiological variations on
drug transit, dissolution, and absorption\
Pulsatile, non-deterministic approach;

Application of a non-homogeneous Poisson process;

Based on sampling from and imaging of small bowel free water content

Analysis of noisy gastrointestinal pressure signals research
Wavelet-based peak detection and kernel density estimation; Machine
learning, Gaussian process regression & PCA for signal classification;
Completed in Python with SciPy/NumPy/SciKit packages Java interface for
handling parameters and their values with syntax highlighting production
Managing dynamic parameters that control processing pipeline; Parameters
and database fields (JDBC Data\_Port for MySQL); Pipeline source queue
management and error handling

professional experience
=======================

aug 17 - pres Scape Technologies principal data sciencist *Building core
date flow and analysis pipeline for location-based recognition, allowing
devices to see and remember their surroundings & augment the world
around them. Cloud side infrastructure allows ordinary mobile devices to
enhance the world around them by overlaying digital items onto the
physical world, both indoors and outdoors, using machine vision &
artificial intelligence.* aug 16 - jul 17 Deloitte Consulting LLP senior
data science consultant *Mission Analytics in Business Model &
Transformation/Strategy & Operations. Supporting senior government
executives in the development of the organization's strategy and
business process; assisting in development, collection, analysis, and
reporting of data by leverage big data and machine learning
technologies; serving as domain knowledgeable resource in advising the
Deloitte team and client on tools and techniques to improve workflow.*
jul 15 - aug 16 U.S. Food and Drug Administration research fellow
*Division of Quantitative Methods and Modeling in the Office of Research
and Standards within the Office of Generic Drugs. Applying mathematical
analysis to physiological/molecular based models for drug absorption,
bioavailability, distribution and effectiveness. Using large data sets
to improve the prediction and regulatory decision making for generic
drugs.* mar 06 - aug 07 Department of Lunar & Planetary Sciences\
University of Arizona java developer *Developing open-source software
for data analysis for the HiRISE instrument on the Mars Reconnaissance
Orbiter. Co-funded by NASA and JPL.*

education
=========

2015 Ph.D. Pharmaceutical Sciences University of Michigan Dissertation:
*Mechanistic Analysis and Quantification of Gastrointestinal Motility:
Physiological Variability and Plasma Level Implications.* 2011 M.Sc.
Pharmaceutical Sciences University of Michigan 2009 M.Sc. Computational
Biology New York University 2006 B.Sc. Mathematics University of Arizona

publications
============
principal data scientist

contact
=======

[`arjang@umich.edu `](mailto:arjang@umich.edu)
[`linkedin `](https://www.linkedin.com/in/arjang-talattof-a974845a/)
[`github `](https://github.com/arjology)
[`flickr `](http://www.flickr.com/photos/talattof) `+44 7555117012 `
`+01 6467700275 `

languages
=========

trilingual english/french/persian conversational spanish & italian

technologies
============

Machine Learning (Gaussian Processes, SVM, Neural Networks, Random
Forests)

Apache Kafka, Spark, Zookeeper

Cassandra, Graph Databases, PostgreSQL, Redis

Gremlin, Java, Python (pandas, scipy, numpy, scikit-learn), R, Scala,
Tinkerpop

Unix/Linux (Centos, Debian, FreeBSD, Gentoo, RedHat), OS X, Shell
scripting (bash, sed, awk)

activities
==========

football photography

INTRODUCTION
============

Machine learning engineer in London. Python, Java & Scala developer.
Spark and graph database enthusiast. Applied mathematician by training.
Scholar of gastrointestinal motility variation. UK Tier 1 Exceptional
Talent Visa.

technical summary
=================

Computer vision machine learning pipeline. production

Deploying and optimizing large computer vision end-to-end processing
pipeline:\
Tensorflow & Pytorch, AWS Batch, SQS, PostgreSQL, and Redis

Deep learning-based global feature extraction and large-scale image
retrieval.

Graph database deployment for geospatial image data used in
pre-reconstruction pipeline of 3D geometric models.

Massively scaled graph database analytics. production

Leveraging Cassandra and Spark (Spark Streaming) for large-scale graph
networks and analyses including:\
Building tools to explore and analyze graph data in a distributed
cloud-based cluster.

Developing machine learning algorithms and automation of real-time
entity resolution (data disambiguation) at scale.

Dealing with 10^7^ (eventually reaching 10^9^) transactions daily
utilizing Kafka and Spark Streaming to ingest massive amounts of data
through an ETL pipeline.

Revenue increase from \$1.8M to \$6.0M; internal investment by firm
(\$0.5M) to generalize new capability based on client deliverable.

Stochastic fluid transit model research

Developed in Java to to study the effects of physiological variations on
drug transit, dissolution, and absorption\
Pulsatile, non-deterministic approach;

Application of a non-homogeneous Poisson process;

Based on sampling from and imaging of small bowel free water content

Analysis of noisy gastrointestinal pressure signals research
Wavelet-based peak detection and kernel density estimation; Machine
learning, Gaussian process regression & PCA for signal classification;
Completed in Python with SciPy/NumPy/SciKit packages Java interface for
handling parameters and their values with syntax highlighting production
Managing dynamic parameters that control processing pipeline; Parameters
and database fields (JDBC Data\_Port for MySQL); Pipeline source queue
management and error handling

professional experience
=======================

aug 17 - pres Scape Technologies principal data sciencist *Building core
date flow and analysis pipeline for location-based recognition, allowing
devices to see and remember their surroundings & augment the world
around them. Cloud side infrastructure allows ordinary mobile devices to
enhance the world around them by overlaying digital items onto the
physical world, both indoors and outdoors, using machine vision &
artificial intelligence.* aug 16 - jul 17 Deloitte Consulting LLP senior
data science consultant *Mission Analytics in Business Model &
Transformation/Strategy & Operations. Supporting senior government
executives in the development of the organization's strategy and
business process; assisting in development, collection, analysis, and
reporting of data by leverage big data and machine learning
technologies; serving as domain knowledgeable resource in advising the
Deloitte team and client on tools and techniques to improve workflow.*
jul 15 - aug 16 U.S. Food and Drug Administration research fellow
*Division of Quantitative Methods and Modeling in the Office of Research
and Standards within the Office of Generic Drugs. Applying mathematical
analysis to physiological/molecular based models for drug absorption,
bioavailability, distribution and effectiveness. Using large data sets
to improve the prediction and regulatory decision making for generic
drugs.* mar 06 - aug 07 Department of Lunar & Planetary Sciences\
University of Arizona java developer *Developing open-source software
for data analysis for the HiRISE instrument on the Mars Reconnaissance
Orbiter. Co-funded by NASA and JPL.*

education
=========

2015 Ph.D. Pharmaceutical Sciences University of Michigan Dissertation:
*Mechanistic Analysis and Quantification of Gastrointestinal Motility:
Physiological Variability and Plasma Level Implications.* 2011 M.Sc.
Pharmaceutical Sciences University of Michigan 2009 M.Sc. Computational
Biology New York University 2006 B.Sc. Mathematics University of Arizona

publications
============
principal data scientist

contact
=======

[`arjang@umich.edu `](mailto:arjang@umich.edu)
[`linkedin `](https://www.linkedin.com/in/arjang-talattof-a974845a/)
[`github `](https://github.com/arjology)
[`flickr `](http://www.flickr.com/photos/talattof) `+44 7555117012 `
`+01 6467700275 `

languages
=========

trilingual english/french/persian conversational spanish & italian

technologies
============

Machine Learning (Gaussian Processes, SVM, Neural Networks, Random
Forests)

Apache Kafka, Spark, Zookeeper

Cassandra, Graph Databases, PostgreSQL, Redis

Gremlin, Java, Python (pandas, scipy, numpy, scikit-learn), R, Scala,
Tinkerpop

Unix/Linux (Centos, Debian, FreeBSD, Gentoo, RedHat), OS X, Shell
scripting (bash, sed, awk)

activities
==========

football photography

INTRODUCTION
============

Machine learning engineer in London. Python, Java & Scala developer.
Spark and graph database enthusiast. Applied mathematician by training.
Scholar of gastrointestinal motility variation. UK Tier 1 Exceptional
Talent Visa.

technical summary
=================

Computer vision machine learning pipeline. production

Deploying and optimizing large computer vision end-to-end processing
pipeline:\
Tensorflow & Pytorch, AWS Batch, SQS, PostgreSQL, and Redis

Deep learning-based global feature extraction and large-scale image
retrieval.

Graph database deployment for geospatial image data used in
pre-reconstruction pipeline of 3D geometric models.

Massively scaled graph database analytics. production

Leveraging Cassandra and Spark (Spark Streaming) for large-scale graph
networks and analyses including:\
Building tools to explore and analyze graph data in a distributed
cloud-based cluster.

Developing machine learning algorithms and automation of real-time
entity resolution (data disambiguation) at scale.

Dealing with 10^7^ (eventually reaching 10^9^) transactions daily
utilizing Kafka and Spark Streaming to ingest massive amounts of data
through an ETL pipeline.

Revenue increase from \$1.8M to \$6.0M; internal investment by firm
(\$0.5M) to generalize new capability based on client deliverable.

Stochastic fluid transit model research

Developed in Java to to study the effects of physiological variations on
drug transit, dissolution, and absorption\
Pulsatile, non-deterministic approach;

Application of a non-homogeneous Poisson process;

Based on sampling from and imaging of small bowel free water content

Analysis of noisy gastrointestinal pressure signals research
Wavelet-based peak detection and kernel density estimation; Machine
learning, Gaussian process regression & PCA for signal classification;
Completed in Python with SciPy/NumPy/SciKit packages Java interface for
handling parameters and their values with syntax highlighting production
Managing dynamic parameters that control processing pipeline; Parameters
and database fields (JDBC Data\_Port for MySQL); Pipeline source queue
management and error handling

professional experience
=======================

aug 17 - pres Scape Technologies principal data sciencist *Building core
date flow and analysis pipeline for location-based recognition, allowing
devices to see and remember their surroundings & augment the world
around them. Cloud side infrastructure allows ordinary mobile devices to
enhance the world around them by overlaying digital items onto the
physical world, both indoors and outdoors, using machine vision &
artificial intelligence.* aug 16 - jul 17 Deloitte Consulting LLP senior
data science consultant *Mission Analytics in Business Model &
Transformation/Strategy & Operations. Supporting senior government
executives in the development of the organization's strategy and
business process; assisting in development, collection, analysis, and
reporting of data by leverage big data and machine learning
technologies; serving as domain knowledgeable resource in advising the
Deloitte team and client on tools and techniques to improve workflow.*
jul 15 - aug 16 U.S. Food and Drug Administration research fellow
*Division of Quantitative Methods and Modeling in the Office of Research
and Standards within the Office of Generic Drugs. Applying mathematical
analysis to physiological/molecular based models for drug absorption,
bioavailability, distribution and effectiveness. Using large data sets
to improve the prediction and regulatory decision making for generic
drugs.* mar 06 - aug 07 Department of Lunar & Planetary Sciences\
University of Arizona java developer *Developing open-source software
for data analysis for the HiRISE instrument on the Mars Reconnaissance
Orbiter. Co-funded by NASA and JPL.*

education
=========

2015 Ph.D. Pharmaceutical Sciences University of Michigan Dissertation:
*Mechanistic Analysis and Quantification of Gastrointestinal Motility:
Physiological Variability and Plasma Level Implications.* 2011 M.Sc.
Pharmaceutical Sciences University of Michigan 2009 M.Sc. Computational
Biology New York University 2006 B.Sc. Mathematics University of Arizona

publications
============
